#summary Syntax used for function definition by the validator's dictionary

= Introduction =
The dictionary defines script functions with the scriptFunction object, which takes the following parameters:
  * returnType
  * callingConvention
  * SEVersion
  * params
  * names
  * notes

This page details how to create such objects.

Note that, for functions with aliases, only the longer alias is defined with this method.  The shorter alias is defined with the alias() function (see [DefiningFunctions#Aliases Aliases]).

= Arguments =
== returnType ==
Expects a string detailing the type of data returned by the function.  For functions that return no data "void" should be used.

== callingConvention ==
Accepted values:
  * "R" - Called on a reference e.g. [http://geck.bethsoft.com/index.php/GetDistance GetDistance]
  * "S" - Reference function that should always be called implicitly e.g. [http://geck.bethsoft.com/index.php/GetContainer GetContainer]
  * "E" - Called on reference or on base form specified as final parameter - script extender functions only e.g. [http://fose.silverlock.org/fose_command_doc.html#IsClonedForm IsClonedForm]
  * "B" - Not called on a reference e.g. [http://geck.bethsoft.com/index.php/GetSecondsPassed GetSecondsPassed]
  * "D" - The function is deprecated and should not be called in any way e.g. IsHorseStolen

== SEVersion ==
The required version of the relevant script extender.  Use 0 for functions that don't require a script extender, otherwise use (for example) 1.22 for 1.2 beta 2

== params ==
An array of [DefiningFunctionParameters scriptFunctionParam] objects defining the function's parameters.  If the function has no parameters, use an empty array.

== names ==
An object with the following properties:
  * docLink - The URL of the function's online documentation, if applicable
  * name - The function's name
  * shortName - The name of the function's short alias, if applicable
  * longName - The name of the function's long alias, if applicable
The _name_, _shortName_, and _longName_ properties should all be capitalised in [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CamelCase CamelCase]

== notes ==
An array of [DefiningFunctionNotes scriptFunctionNote] objects defining any errors or warnings specific to this function.  Only needs to be included in relevant function definitions.

= Aliases =
If a function has a shorter alias, define the longer alias as normal (making sure to include the _shortName_ and _longName_ properties of the scriptFunction object's _name_ argument), then use the alias() function to define the shorter alias based on the longer one.  For example, after defining [http://geck.bethsoft.com/index.php/GetActorValue GetActorValue] normally, its alias _GetAV_ would be defined like this:
{{{
dictionary.functions["getav"] = alias(dictionary.functions["getactorvalue]);
}}}